docs/relevant_orders.md, before:

# Relevant orders

## Adults

| Category                                  | Conviction                       | Subject to drag through? |
|------------------------------------------ |--------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Discharge                                 | Bind over                        | Yes                      |
| Discharge                                 | Conditional discharge            | Yes                      |
| Motoring                                  | Disqualification                 | No                       |
| Financial penalty                         | Compensation to a victim         | Yes                      |
| Custody or hospital order                 | Hospital order                   | Yes                      |
| Community, Prevention or reparation order | Criminal behaviour order         | No                       |
| Community, Prevention or reparation order | Reparation order                 | No                       |
| Community, Prevention or reparation order | Restraining order                | No                       |
| Community, Prevention or reparation order | Serious crime prevention order   | No                       |
| Community, Prevention or reparation order | Sexual harm prevention order     | No                       |

## Youths

| Category                                     | Conviction                          | Subject to drag through? |
| -------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Discharge                                    | Bind over                           | Yes                      |
| Discharge                                    | Conditional discharge               | Yes                      |
| Motoring                                     | Disqualification                    | No                       |
| Financial penalty                            | Compensation to a victim            | Yes                      |
| Custody or hospital order                    | Hospital order                      | Yes                      |
| Referral or youth rehabilitation order (YRO) | Referral order                      | Yes                      |
| Prevention or reparation order               | Reparation order                    | No                       |
| Prevention or reparation order               | Restraining order                   | No                       |
| Prevention or reparation order               | Sexual harm prevention order        | No                       |

Commit message:

Add new catch-all requirement order option
Ticket: https://trello.com/c/7SK4PLNz

This is the 2nd part of the work requested in the above ticket.

A new catch-all radio option in the "Community, prevention or reparation order" (note this bucket will be renamed once the PR #485 is merged) has been added, named "Any other order with a requirement".

At the moment this is a relevant order, with no drag through, and the calculation rules are the same as in the community order conviction.

However we need confirmation if these rules are correct before merging. Other than that the rest of the work is done.

docs/relevant_orders.md, after:

# Relevant orders

## Adults

| Category                                               | Conviction                         | Subject to drag through? |
|------------------------------------------------------- |----------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Discharge                                              | Bind over                          | Yes                      |
| Discharge                                              | Conditional discharge              | Yes                      |
| Motoring                                               | Disqualification                   | No                       |
| Financial penalty                                      | Compensation to a victim           | Yes                      |
| Custody or hospital order                              | Hospital order                     | Yes                      |
| Community, reparation or other order with requirements | Criminal behaviour order           | No                       |
| Community, reparation or other order with requirements | Reparation order                   | No                       |
| Community, reparation or other order with requirements | Restraining order                  | No                       |
| Community, reparation or other order with requirements | Serious crime prevention order     | No                       |
| Community, reparation or other order with requirements | Sexual harm prevention order       | No                       |
| Community, reparation or other order with requirements | Any other order with a requirement | No                       |

## Youths

| Category                                     | Conviction                          | Subject to drag through? |
| -------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Discharge                                    | Bind over                           | Yes                      |
| Discharge                                    | Conditional discharge               | Yes                      |
| Motoring                                     | Disqualification                    | No                       |
| Financial penalty                            | Compensation to a victim            | Yes                      |
| Custody or hospital order                    | Hospital order                      | Yes                      |
| Referral or youth rehabilitation order (YRO) | Referral order                      | Yes                      |
| Prevention or reparation order               | Reparation order                    | No                       |
| Prevention or reparation order               | Restraining order                   | No                       |
| Prevention or reparation order               | Sexual harm prevention order        | No                       |
